Essential oils are the heart of this program.
It's their special characteristics
and unique abilities combined
with our emotional healing techniques that make this program
one of a kind and immensely effective
Oils are the secret ingredient
that exponentially enhance all emotional healing.
They facilitate change that is measurable.
Scientific studies are proving
and reproving their efficacy for body and mind.
Do you remember how you just learned about the
vibration of emotions?
Well, an essential oil also carries the frequency
and vibration of the plant.
It came from applying
and inhaling the essential oil will shift your emotional
vibration almost instantly.
That is why we recommend using the oils while you are in
the middle of a big emotion.
But they can go even further than this
while they don't do the work for you.
The oils can also bring pain
and hurt that is longing to be healed
to the surface for transformation.
They strengthen you during each stage of the healing process
and prepare you for the next level of healing.
So here's an overview
of the multifaceted ways essential oils facilitate
breakthroughs on each level of our existence.
Essential oils assist in healing the physical body,
healing the heart, releasing limiting beliefs,
increasing spiritual awareness and connection,
and inspiring the fulfillment of our life's purpose.
These concepts are covered in detail in the
Essential Emotions Book.
So for now, I will simply state here
that essential oils are one of the most
powerful catalyzing agents available on Earth.
I can't wait for you to see what they can do for you
and those you work with.
Now, each essential oil has its own distinctive purpose,
and just as different plants offer varied physical healing
benefits, they also offer varied emotional healing benefits.
The primary emotional purpose of each essential oil
for our era is contained in the Essential Emotions Book.
You'll be partnering with these oil descriptions
during the coaching process
so the plants can work with your clients.
One-on-One, it's my belief that plants are sentient
and possess wisdom that they choose to impart
for the healing of mankind.
Our relationship with them is symbiotic and ancient,
and they work with us through both their chemical
constituents and their energetic life force.
They are quickening agents, teachers, allies.
The plans have taught me in their special way the messages
that they want shared with the world,
and they will teach you too.
Partnering with these plants with their oily life essence
activates healing on every aspect of a person's being.
I have witnessed firsthand their ability
to reach the very soul of people.
Our emotions are our teachers.
The essential oils will be our guides.